YeoJin: Finally it’s my turn!
YeoJin: I'm very excited! I can do well, right?
YeoJin: I'm nervous...
(YeoJin trying her best because it's been a while since she had MV filming!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / YeoJin - Kiss Later"
(And HaSeul cheering her up next to her!)
(But the situation looks serious... What happened to her?)
HaSeul: Why didn't you do like this?
HaSeul: Why are you crying?
YeoJin: (Because of cold) My body wasn't working properly...
HaSeul: Come here~
YeoJin: I could do well...
(YeoJin is disappointed since she didn't do well because of cold...)
YeoJin: I could do well..
HaSeul: Look at the camera~
YeoJin: But I didn't. So I'm disappointed ..
HaSeul: There is one more shooting left, right?
HaSeul: So you have one more chance, right?
HaSeul: Okay, don't be disappointed!
HaSeul: Say 'fighitng' to the camera~
(Older members taking care of YeoJin!)
HaSeul & Yves: 1, 2, 3, fighting~
YeoJin: I tried to do better...
YeoJin: However, I disappointed that it didn't work out the way I wanted...
YeoJin: I'll do better next time~
(And YeoJin seems to feel better so quickly!)
YeoJin: Me~